You lost one game. How is that possible?
After losing, he will use his strength to me
We can't win at all
I said he'd humiliate himself by going up there
Be a ghost
Although Zhengtian lost, he was still proud even though he lost
It's better than your lungs
Care about my dog barking
We lost our lives. We almost lost
Brother, let's do it, sister
At least we still have half of the express rights.
Ah, what nonsense
Our family has never only died in battle and never surrendered
Boss, what a coincidence
We really can't win
It appears that underground control
I want to tell you all the Western devils to plant
Happy Li, have you planted such a matchmaker?
Only trash
otherwise
Mr. Li, if you come up and kowtow to me in person
I can consider it.
If you will start, please click and send you some hospital fees.